Update preprint and README after acceptance (#168)
compgeolab/eql-gradient-boosted: README.md

[Santiago Soler](https://santisoler.github.io)
and [Leonardo Uieda](https://leouieda.com)

This paper has been published in *Geophysical Journal International*.
The version of record

> Soler, S. R. and Uieda, L. (2021).
> Gradient-boosted equivalent sources,
> _Geophysical Journal International_.
> doi: [10.1093/gji/ggab297](https://doi.org/10.1093/gji/ggab297)

> is available online at: [doi.org/10.1093/gji/ggab297](https://doi.org/10.1093/gji/ggab297)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is available online at [doi.org/10.1093/gji/ggab297](https://doi.org/10.1093/gji/ggab297)
```

> A pre-copyedited, author-produced PDF of an article is available on EarthArXiv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An open-access, pre-copyedited, author-produced PDF of is available on EarthArXiv
```

Author: Open-access 💪🏼
